[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 2: I'd be curious about
the answer to the other question.
>> Kyle Simpson: You would.
>> Speaker 2: That's
basically just trolling.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Kyle Simpson: I really do not
understand why anybody is interested
in my opinion on JavaScript frameworks.
I really don't, but
I'm happy to share my opinion.
This is how I like to
introduce myself by the way,
when I introduce myself to new people.
I say, the only thing that I'm
an expert on is my own opinions and
I'm never at a lack for those opinions.
So I'm not an expert on any of this stuff,
this is just I'm figuring it out and
kind of sharing with you what I've
learned with respect to frameworks.
I wrote a blog post last fall that
upset a bunch of people because I had
the nerve to suggest that frameworks in
production are rather a silly concept.
But that doesn't mean that all frameworks
are bad or that there's never a case for
frameworks.
I just think that they've become too
quickly a crutch that we rely upon
too heavily.
So let me give you
an anecdote to explain that.
Many of you probably heard of
something like Twitter Bootstrap,
which is a CSS framework.
It's not Bootstrap, is it?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Kyle Simpson: Is it Twitter Bootstrap,
okay.
>> Speaker 2: They dropped Twitter though.
>> Kyle Simpson: What's that?
>> Kyle Simpson: They
dropped the Twitter part.
Okay, so Bootstrap, the CSS framework
formerly known as Twitter Bootstrap.
>> Speaker 2: There you go.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's a big giant CSS
file with all kinds of cool styles for
buttons and drop downs and
all kinds of other UI widgets.
Very few user interfaces use
100% of that style sheet.
And so I was sitting around with a
designer friend one night and I was asking
him about this topic and he says yeah
well, I start with the bootstrap CSS.
And I use that to prototype out
my interface cuz it's nice and
fast and whatever.
But at the end of
the process of prototyping,
once I've decided what my page
is gonna look like, I go in and
I rip out all the stuff out of that
file that I don't need anymore.
And I only deploy part of that file,
the part that's actually necessary.
And a little light bulb went on in my head
because that seemed like a good way to
articulate my problem with frameworks.
Because I think that's the same thing that
we should be doing with our JavaScript
frameworks.
We should be using them
to rapidly prototype and
develop applications in a space where
we don't understand the domain yet.
We're still trying to figure things
out and we don't want to be held back
by trying to figure out, you know,
console statements or whatever.
We want the logging to
already be handled for us.
But by the point that you have evolved
your app to the point where you
are ready to consider it production ready,
you're ready to start charging people
money to use your application.
I think you should have gone through a
series of steps where you asked yourself,
what parts of the stuff that I've
deployed am I not even using anymore?
There's a bunch of stuff in this
framework that I'm not even using.
And shouldn't I just go ahead and rip
out all the stuff that I'm not using and
leave only the stuff
that is actually my app?
That's exactly what I did with the Mario
site, we used some frameworks like
Backbone and some other things to kind
of skeleton out what we were gonna do.
But when we deployed the app I
kind of tongue in cheek I said,
when I deployed the app by
the time we went to production.
I had written a framework for the site and
I just called the framework, the site.
Because I left only the code
that was necessary for
the site and not all this extra stuff.
So that's my somewhat controversial
perspective on frameworks is
that I don't feel that they're really
as necessary as most people believe.
I can find individual major problems with
each one of them, but everybody can.
And I think that we rely
too heavily on them.
I'd like to see more people
leaving only what's necessary and
not leaving all the extra cruft,
so that's my take.
Okay, let's see, we've written our server,
let me double check and
make sure there's nothing else that
I wanted us write for forward.js.
>> Speaker 3: But
would you say the same thing about jQuery?
>> Kyle Simpson: So
jQuery in my book's not a framework and
that's another common misconception.
Let me give you an, I use jQuery.
I don't use all of it, I use a tiny
portion of it, but I use jQuery.
Here's my little metaphor for
understanding the difference between
a library, a framework, and a platform.
And I have very different opinions
on the usage of libraries
versus frameworks versus platforms.
A library is like one of those old school.
Some of you may never even heard of them.
But we used to have maps that were
printed on paper that we folded out and
we kept in our glove box.
And I don't know if some of
you are looking at me like,
I've never heard of such a thing.
But old school paper maps that we had
folded up inside of our glove box.
A library to me is like
an old school paper map
that you would take when you were going
on a road trip across the country.
It is a tool that is available to you,
but it is not in any way, shape or
form opinionated on how you should
get from point A to point B.
It's tool that you can use, and it can be
quite useful to you if you're getting lost
or you need to understand what
the routes look like or the roads or
things like that.
But it's a tool that you use along
the way, and that's the metaphor for
a library.
And I lump things like jQuery
into the library perspective.
Some of Backbone is library-esque, and
some of Backbone is more framework-esque,
so that kind of straddles the fence.
But jQuery is very much a library to me.
The metaphor for frameworks that I use
is it's like a GPS system in your car or
on your phone or something like that.
Where you've pre-typed
in your destination and
it's gonna give you audible
turn by turn directions.
That is a rather opinionated system.
It has an opinion on the best route for
you to get there based upon what it knows
about traffic conditions and so forth.
You're not required to follow that route.
If you follow a different route, if you
take a different turn either on purpose or
by accident, it recalculates and
it figures out a new thing.
So it's a tool that's
helping you along the way.
But it's also giving you its opinion
on the way you ought to do things.
And I think that fits most closely
metaphorically with frameworks.
A platform is like an automatic
driving Google car.
Because it has a strong opinion
on where it's gonna go,
and you have very little
say-so in the matter.
You're just gonna go along with the flow.
So if you're looking for sort of
a metaphor of how I divide those things,
I think about things like Ember and
Angular and things like that.
Those are very clearly frameworks to me.
They're very opinionated.
It's a very strong guidance in
the way you ought to go with your app.
Something like jQuery or
even some parts of Backbone,
they're a lot less opinionated.
It's more just provide you the tools and
so
they're a little bit more like libraries.
And then something like Rails,
quite clearly that's a platform, because
you've got to do it the Rails way or
they're not interested in any other
[LAUGH] ways of doing things.
So that's just my take.
>> Speaker 2: We'll be doing
a whole workshop on this.
July 13th we'll be doing a compare and
contrast of all the different
UI frameworks, Ember,
Backbone, Facebook React and.
>> Kyle Simpson: Sounds
like a fantastic workshop.
You should all definitely make
sure to attend or watch it.